# Maps

Routing Toolbox outputs containing HRU polygons generated by an overlay of subbasin (land) polygons and lake polygons. Each subbasin that includes lakes is divided into two parts- a lake and a land part. 

There are two examples available here using different settings of the Routing Toolbox. Both examples are based on the 90m [HydroSHEDS](https://hydrosheds.org/) DEM. The settings in the Routing Toolbox lead to a coarse and fine discretization of the example basin draining towards the [WSC streamflow gauge station 02LE024](https://wateroffice.ec.gc.ca/search/historical_results_e.html?search_type=station_number&station_number=02LE024&start_year=1850&end_year=2020&minimum_years=&gross_drainage_operator=%3E&gross_drainage_area=&effective_drainage_operator=%3E&effective_drainage_area=) of HRUs:
* _HRUs_coarse.shp_ derived by Hongren Shen using a flow accumulation threshold of XXX [grid cells] and a lake inclusion threshold of at least XXX [km<sup>2</sup>]. Some attributes in the shapefile are non-standard Routing Toolbox attributes but were added for convenience of the users.
* _HRUs_fine.shp_ derived by Ming Han using a flow accumulation threshold of 1000 [grid cells] and a lake inclusion threshold of at least 0.0 [km<sup>2</sup>] (all lakes are included). All attributes in the shapefile are standard Routing Toolbox attributes. Original file produced by Routing Toolbox is called `finalcat_hru_info.shp`.

Note: <br>
a. Increasing the flow accumulation threshold to more grid cells leads to coarser discretization. <br>
b. Increasing the lake inclusion threshold to larger areas leads to a coarser resolution as well.

